ticdc: update ticdc docs (#15046) (#15207)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-faq.md

## What is the order of executing DML and DDL statements?

Currently, TiCDC adopts the following order:

1. TiCDC blocks the replication progress of the tables affected by DDL statements until the DDL `CommiTs`. This ensures that DML statements executed before DDL `CommiTs` can be successfully replicated to the downstream first.
2. TiCDC continues with the replication of DDL statements. If there are multiple DDL statements, TiCDC replicates them in a serial manner.
3. After the DDL statements are executed in the downstream, TiCDC will continue with the replication of DML statements executed after DDL `CommiTs`.

## How should I check whether the upstream and downstream data is consistent?

If the downstream is a TiDB cluster or MySQL instance, it is recommended that you compare the data using [sync-diff-inspector](/sync-diff-inspector/sync-diff-inspector-overview.md).

## Replication of a single table can only be run on a single TiCDC node. Will it be possible to use multiple TiCDC nodes to replicate data of multiple tables?

> Starting from v7.1.0, TiCDC supports the MQ sink to replicate data change logs at the granularity of TiKV Regions, which achieves scalable processing capability and allows TiCDC to replicate a single table with a large number of Regions. To enable this feature, you can configure the following parameter in the [TiCDC configuration file](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md):
> 
> ```toml
> [scheduler]
> enable-table-across-nodes = true
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is currently not supported, which might be supported in a future release. By then, TiCDC might replicate data change logs by TiKV Region, which means scalable processing capability.
```
